well as he sits ready Fuli face another
than falsehood air devil Becker is the
co-driver it's funnier when the
nicknames of bumper why because he tends
to thump his opponent
nice even starred for both cars Travis
is going to go over the jumpers Toby's
not too keen
the man knows how to jump here's where
he got in trouble before
so deceptive that job is really not flip
there but you can just drop the front
end of the car
damaged on board right now with the 199
this is a great ride around our home
depot for the co-driver here
much is needed to get around this course
for traffic there they come to the
roundabout and we see how they are
early
around this asphalt it's actually pretty
nicely prepared now or actually
welcome to here whether or not the racks
the Navy jumping smelly Danny understand
then people left along the barrier
right turn left turn
you got a big lead you're good nice and
tidy a nice fall there and it's a big
leak 20 air in that Hyundai Tiburon
they're back in the stadium too they now
have to do to Chuck and the Hyundai is
also a little heavy on the front end
let's watch how he does this
well in that survived
Brown soldiers past the top he's behind
he knows
it's time to make up but Pastrana just
has to be smart don't make any mistakes
Travis that can be yours Comparative
positions on the map
remember the 199 is traveled
and plan on born again
there's a big time differential and
Travis will know that he's heading back
towards the stadium now weaving his way
around this this is actually the parking
lot here at Cal State Dominguez Hills
which is where the Home Depot Center is
actually located but look how we
transform your average parking lot it
was great rally course
one ear well behind so travis pastrana
will at Baylor Eagle up there on the
stage has been set for four
semi-finalists
I'll show you back in the run here was
Travis this shot from the edge fly camp
beautifully down sided that was
picture-perfect from travis pastrana
look at this around the roundabout he
employs full dripping style there
and from the encore same area well the
on board is just finding it forward and
he's trying to get out of there as fast
as he can not nearly as good a result
first one there as he comes down catches
the barrier coming into the stadium like
we